              --- BRAINBREAD --- OFFICIAL SCIENCE FICTION CAMPAIGN ---
              --- CHAPTER 1: RETURN TO NEW HEAVENS CYBERGATE ---

2107 A.D. ...it is a world that is controlled by greed, corrupt and powerful firms.
The government lost control and everything has been manipulated by the big enterprises.
These powerful firms have their fingers in the politics of the state; so they can
establish their own security troops and laws. A lot of civil wars have done their part
to destroy the world even more and formed a new society. In the big urban cities lives
the social scum of the earth...
During an experimental research phase of the well known "New Cybercon Industries"
Company a fatal accident happened. While testing a new biological weapon, which consists
of a mysterious pitch black material, some of the target computers failed with their
calculations; causing the weapon to strike down in the middle of the largest city...
NEW HEAVENS CYBERGATE. Suddenly the horde is back... 100 years after the first
apocalyptic appearance of those undead creatures the world has been shattered again...

You're one of the few survivors left in the city with antique weapons (only real military
forces have access to modern or futuristic arms) and some poorly armed militia forces. 
In order to escape you have to leave this part of the town. Your final goal would be to get
control of the Cybercon Airship, which you'll find on the roof of the large "New Cybercon
Industries". In order to reach the Airship you have to fight through various areas of the
city. Unfortunately most parts of the town have been sealed by the security corps, but
there's a strange hacker named "Nietzsche" which will help you on your mission...

A) You're starting with your group in the city. Nietzsche will help you on your mission.
   Defend this area for a minute until the hacker could hack the first doors!

B) After you cleared out this area, you have to move to the main street!

C) Oh no! The street is full of zombies. Kill as many as you can. Nietzsche will open
   the next doors if you could kill a certain amount of zombies to calm down the area!

D) Great! Move on to the next section!

E) This is not good... Fred, the barkeeper has been turned into a zombie. The militia
   forces need his DNA in order to get more information. The only way to the next part
   of the town is by killing Fred.

F) Nice... move on to the industrial area of NEW HEAVENS CYBERGATE!

G) Nietzsche will need two minutes for the next door. Hold your position and kill as
   many zombies as you can!

H) Move on to the next section!

I) You have to press the button in order to reactivate the generators for the elevator!

J) Move to the elevator and escape to the next part of the town!